---
layout: post
title: "Dear future me...."
date: 2024-10-16
---

### Dear future me...

Picture this: it's ten years from now, and you receive a letter from your past self. What would it say? What hopes and dreams did you have? Did you achieve them?

What kind of lifestyle did you imagine yourself to be living? Did you achieve it, or are you furious that you didn't?

Letter writing - the old-school practice that was such a beautiful way for everyone to communicate… from sweet lovey-dovey love letters to long-distance best friends catching up on everything that happened since the last letter.

Over time, technologies developed, and ways to communicate became more advanced and modern. But there is something about letters that can’t be beaten by any of the other ways.

Have you ever tried writing a letter to yourself? To your past/present/future self?

I found the magic of writing letters to myself when I was facing my board exams - when I was revising a few days before the exam, I wrote a letter to my future self on the exam day and result day, reassuring her that it's going to be okay and that I am proud of her so that she doesn't get anxious - it worked wonders.

Letters to your past self can help you heal, while letters to the future self can be for keeping yourself accountable while also being compassionate.

Letters to your past self is a topic for another day. Today, let me talk about letters to your future self.

I actually got this wisdom from an underrated K-drama called Hello, Me! (Warning: Spoilers ahead)

At the beginning of the drama, the younger version of the main character, Ha-ni, is transported ten years into the future to meet her 37-year-old self.

She's excited to see what she's become and what amazing life she's living, but when she arrives, she's disappointed.

Her future self, also named Ha-ni, isn't living the life that she had imagined for herself. She's unmarried, unemployed, and struggling to find her place in the world.

At first, the younger Ha-ni is furious with her older self.

She can't believe that she didn't achieve any of her dreams and feels like she's wasted her life.

But over time, she starts to understand that life is full of unexpected twists and turns.

She sees that her older self has been through a lot and has been trying her best, even when things didn't go according to plan.

When the incident happens again, and the younger Ha-ni is asked to write a letter to her future self, her perspective has changed.

She doesn't wish for any specific lifestyle or ambitions but instead writes about how her future self should cherish herself, no matter what happens.

It's a beautiful moment of self-compassion and understanding.

Watching Hello, Me! was a powerful reminder to be kind to me and to remember that life is unpredictable.

We all have dreams and aspirations, but sometimes things don't go according to plan.

It's important to give ourselves grace and to appreciate the journey, even when it's not what we expected.

When we write letters to our future selves, it is often led by external desires and is ego-led by what we perceive to be successful or even more specifically - what society programmed us to think as successful - I did the same in the past.

But when we take a step back and think of what really fulfills us and what we really wish to be… the answers will be really radical from the initial one.

But even with those wishes and desires, sometimes it doesn’t go according to plan.

In those moments, instead of being furious with yourself, what you do need is self-compassion.

Society expects us to have our life figured out at a certain age when in reality no one really has it all figured out

At the end of the day, we are all just trying to figure out who we are and live life through all kinds of emotions and experiences and find out what fulfills us by heart

The key is to be compassionate to yourself, and know that you deserve love, compassion, and care regardless of what you achieved or what you didn’t

So take out a notebook nearby you or just open up a notes app and write a letter to your future self, filled with self-love and compassion.

You never know what you might learn about yourself along the way.



